Valentin Bravo love being a bachelor
until he met the one girl he couldn't
resist Valentin cs2 hija okay yes yes
Dominus boy i got a taxi hold on
hello ladies you ready to lose the water
tower fires around if you tell you what
i'll give you guys a head start you're
gonna need later loser honey hi you made
it mm-hmm eat a dick sorry how r
illegally don't just don't all right hi
mom Jesus that you're your own man I was
never really fun of boy bands before one
correction I'm a massive open fine with
us Backstreet Boys N Sync when people
say you're in a boy one that I'm like
yeah I'm cool boy bun so I'm okay but
good mija and a virgin
my house the present i won't i do ya
wanna right here mmm all right right
cute down ain't no busy now so i made
your ex again I'm girl okay go